Add scaffolding of /docs directory and workflow to deploy (#7724)
wazuh/wazuh-dashboard-plugins: docs/README.md

# Wazuh dashboard Technical Documentation

This folder contains the technical documentation for the Wazuh dashboard. The documentation is organized into the following guides:

- **Development Guide**: Instructions for building, testing, and packaging the agent.

> - **Reference Manual**: Detailed information on the agent’s architecture, configuration, and usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Reference Manual**: Detailed information on the application's architecture, configuration, and usage.
```
